1) Name: CodeAI (or CAI for short - maybe use this for our AI engine's name)

2) Problem being solved: Efficient code-teaching.
	The problem: The problem is that individuals looking to start programming in a particular language (such as Python) 
	in a particular field (such as Machine Learning) require knowledge of certain libraries in that language. We will 
	make sure this individual finds their footing in this regard.
	
	Who would benefit: newcomers to coding, as well as people looking to specialise in a particular field.
	
	Why do you think there is an opportunity: Usually, tutorials for different libraries of the same language are scattered 
	all over the web. Our app will centralise these libraries, with the added benefit of assisting our user using AI.

3) Where will you collect appropriate data: GitHub, since it has public repositories with code examples; StackOverflow
	Labeling: label data according to difficulty (beginner, intermediate, experienced) and use reinforced learning to improve 
	model by having users provide feedback
	
	Data formatting, preprocessing: need to make code found in data more readable for user; need to add comments to pieces of 
	code if not there; will need to make sure, in order to make sure we can process code, application knows the syntax and 
	semantics of different languages; will also process past user experience in producing code.
	
	What kind of ML: Supervised learning - working with, and learning from, labeled data
	
	What kind of algorithm: A large language model (LLM) - a generative pre-trained transformer (GPT) to be specific. Why? 
	Because "it's particularly well-suited for tasks like code-generation because code, like natural language, has specific 
	syntactic and semantic rules that transformers are designed to capture".
	
	Do you expect problems with over- and under-fitting?: Yes, some coding tasks might get classified as either being too 
	difficult or too easy
	
	How will you evaluate if your approach is working as intended?: User feedback
	
4) Deployment: will be deployed on online servers, such as AWS, Google Cloud, Azure; will be a web application

5) Users will pay a monthly subscription, in increasing cost relative to amount of languages customer wishes to 
   learn, to use app
   
6) We'll need to acknowledge that the code we use is learnt and is not ours as such
   
   Make user aware that the code they write is being used to tailor to their needs, and is also contributing to 
   refining our model
   
   Make sure not to collect sensitive data, as it does not even contribute to making the model better - only 
   collect it for user authentication purposes (login, subscription change, etc.)
   
7)